That was terrible.
I could’ve answered that better.
No, you did great, really.
I’ve always been hard on myself.
... strengthen our faith.
Then if we,
um, um—
No, that’s all.
Sometimes it made me so anxious
that even the normal stuff I did
felt impossible.
So, what do you think brings this on?
I don’t know, maybe—
Maybe lately it’s
because I’m thinking about SKE.
If I can reach that goal, it’ll be fine.
I see.
How about we read
a scripture that might help?
OK.
They didn’t discourage me from SKE.
But they suggested
that I try to manage the anxiety first.
I was on it!
If I focused on my goal
and took care of myself, I’d get there.
Maybe it was a little too much focus.
Thank you, brothers.
So?
They’re right.
SKE would be a lot for me right now.
Mm.
I’m sorry, but you’ll get there.
I tried everything to fix this.
What’s wrong with me?
Nothing.
Some things just take time.
Yeah.
Hey, I have Lilly’s study tomorrow morning.
I could use your help.
OK.
I want to get baptized,
but I don’t know.
You all do so much.
I don’t think I could ever really be . . .
I think I understand.
Can I show you something?
Micah 6:8
—would you read that?
“He has told you, O man, what is good.
“And what is
Jehovah requiring of you?
“Only to exercise justice,
to cherish loyalty,
and to walk in modesty with your God!”
That last part, “walk in modesty,”
that’s about knowing our limitations.
So is Jehovah happy
with what you can do,
or does he want what you can’t do?
He only expects what I can do.
Then why should we expect more?
It turns out I gave Lilly
the same advice the brothers gave me.
It was my turn to apply it.
I had to be honest with myself.
My limitation was my own high expectation.
I’d been doing it so long
that there was no quick fix.
It didn’t mean giving up on my goals, though.
I just tried to focus more
on what I could do in the present,
like having more empathy
for people who feel like I do
and showing them
how much Jehovah values them.
We could tell a Bible student how we, um,
how we overcame a challenge.
That might . . .
The truth is,
I can actually do a lot for Jehovah
with reasonable expectations.